{
  "duration": 15,
  "aspect": "16:9",
  "mode": "reference-to-video",
  "references": {
    "@图1": "@图1 is the exact opening composition and visual anchor. Begin on this exact layout, camera angle, character scale and lighting.",
    "@Video1": "Use @Video1 only for motion energy and action continuity. Do not copy its camera framing, shot size, or composition — the camera setup comes from this beat's own direction.",
    "@图2": "Use @图2 for Fuzzby's exact appearance.",
    "@图3": "Use @图3 for Zenny's exact appearance.",
    "@图4": "Use @图4 for this scene's lighting, palette and environmental texture.",
    "@Audio1": "@Audio1 is the only dialogue, hums, sing-song rhythm and vocal performance source. It controls timing, mouth rhythm, speaker turns and emotional delivery."
  },
  "style": "Premium 3D animated feature film aesthetic for children aged 4 to 8, bright hyper saturated colours, warm golden hour sunlight with volumetric rays, glowing magical particles, lighthearted highly expressive slapstick comedy",
  "ambience": "a warm meadow hum — distant birdsong, gentle insect chatter, a light breeze moving through grass and flowers",
  "acting_rules": "Fuzzby is manic, eager and overconfident — full slapstick energy, but every action is a specific readable gag, never blurry movement. Zenny is tiny, dry and precisely controlled.",
  "prompt": "Generate one continuous 15-second 3D CGI animated comedy beat. Begin from @图1's exact opening composition. Fuzzby is the bee from @图2. Zenny is the bee from @图3. Timing: 0-5s Fuzzby gasps, wipes at his face, somehow smears the pollen worse, then dives again toward another flower as Zenny watches from frame-right, working calm and precise; both airborne wings beat rapidly; 5-11s Fuzzby clips a branch, tumbles end over end through the air with weighted THUMP, THUMP, THUMP impacts, lands upside down inside a blossom, holds a beat with little legs kicking, then pops back up undimmed; 11-13s CUT TO Zenny: she rolls her eyes, but she is smiling now; 13-15s settle in character: End on the two of them: Fuzzby hovering upright and undimmed, proud; Zenny's eye-roll softening into a small smile. Both at rest, camera locked. Fuzzby performs only Fuzzby's lines in @Audio1. Do not invent extra speech, hums or vocal sounds beyond @Audio1. Camera bee-scale and readable throughout — it may follow character eyelines and action with small motivated moves, locked whenever a character speaks.",
  "continuity": "End with Fuzzby and Zenny: Fuzzby hovering upright, undimmed, proud; Zenny's expression at a small, warm smile, eyes still faintly rolled; both centred in the sunlit wildflower meadow. This mark carries into the next beat.",
  "prohibited": [
    "no morphing, redesign or rescale of the characters",
    "no extra characters or props",
    "no on-screen text, subtitles, logos or watermarks",
    "no foreign-language speech",
    "no crystals on or attached to the bees",
    "no still or frozen wings while airborne"
  ]
}