{
  "duration": 15,
  "aspect": "16:9",
  "mode": "reference-to-video",
  "references": {
    "@图1": "@图1 is the state reference from the previous beat. Carry everything it shows — Fuzzby and Zenny's appearance, any temporary marks or wardrobe, the meadow lighting and their positions in the world — but open on a fresh camera setup within the same space, close to where @图1 shows the characters. The camera moves; the world does not.",
    "@Video1": "Use @Video1 only for motion energy and action continuity. Do not copy its camera framing, shot size, or composition — the camera setup comes from this beat's own direction.",
    "@图2": "Use @图2 for Fuzzby's exact appearance.",
    "@图3": "Use @图3 for Zenny's exact appearance.",
    "@图4": "Use @图4 for this scene's lighting, palette and environmental texture.",
    "@Audio1": "@Audio1 is the only dialogue, hums, sing-song rhythm and vocal performance source. It controls timing, mouth rhythm, speaker turns and emotional delivery."
  },
  "style": "Premium 3D animated feature film aesthetic for children aged 4 to 8, bright hyper saturated colours, warm golden hour sunlight with volumetric rays, glowing magical particles, lighthearted highly expressive slapstick comedy",
  "ambience": "a warm meadow hum — distant birdsong, gentle insect chatter, a light breeze moving through grass and flowers",
  "acting_rules": "Fuzzby is manic, eager and overconfident — full slapstick energy, but every action is a specific readable gag, never blurry movement. Zenny is tiny, dry and precisely controlled.",
  "prompt": "Generate one continuous 15-second 3D CGI animated comedy beat. Fuzzby is the bee from @图2. Zenny is the bee from @图3. Timing: 0-5s CUT TO Zenny: she glances toward the sky as the light shifts slightly; something feels different, but they do not see anything yet. Fuzzby remains paused mid-hover beside her, wings rapidly flapping; 5-8s Fuzzby resets into a proud hover, trying to make the pressure sound like an achievement; the shifted light grazes the pollen still on him; 8-13s Fuzzby immediately launches and flies into a flower HIGH UP and gets stuck, legs in the air, spinning; the flower absorbs him with a soft thump. CUT TO Zenny, the scene's button: still frame-right, dry and unsurprised; 13-15s settle in character: Fuzzby and Zenny hold their poses at rest while wings beating, the breeze moving the flowers, pollen drifting, held expressions, camera locked — nothing new happens. Zenny performs only Zenny's lines in @Audio1; Fuzzby performs only Fuzzby's lines in @Audio1 — in this beat Zenny's line comes first, Fuzzby's line comes second. Do not invent extra speech, hums or vocal sounds beyond @Audio1. Camera bee-scale and readable throughout — it may follow character eyelines and action with small motivated moves, locked whenever a character speaks.",
  "continuity": "",
  "prohibited": [
    "no morphing, redesign or rescale of the characters",
    "no extra characters or props",
    "no on-screen text, subtitles, logos or watermarks",
    "no foreign-language speech",
    "no crystals on or attached to the bees",
    "no still or frozen wings while airborne"
  ]
}