{
  "duration": 15,
  "aspect": "16:9",
  "mode": "reference-to-video",
  "references": {
    "@图1": "@图1 is the exact opening composition and visual anchor. Begin on this exact layout, camera angle, character scale and lighting.",
    "@Video1": "Use @Video1 only for motion energy and action continuity. Do not copy its camera framing, shot size, or composition — the camera setup comes from this beat's own direction.",
    "@图2": "Use @图2 for Fuzzby's exact appearance.",
    "@图3": "Use @图3 for Zenny's exact appearance.",
    "@图4": "Use @图4 for this scene's lighting, palette and environmental texture.",
    "@Audio1": "@Audio1 is the only dialogue, hums, sing-song rhythm and vocal performance source. It controls timing, mouth rhythm, speaker turns and emotional delivery."
  },
  "style": "Premium 3D animated feature film aesthetic for children aged 4 to 8, bright hyper saturated colours, warm golden hour sunlight with volumetric rays, glowing magical particles, lighthearted highly expressive slapstick comedy",
  "ambience": "a warm meadow hum — distant birdsong, gentle insect chatter, a light breeze moving through grass and flowers",
  "acting_rules": "Fuzzby is manic, eager and overconfident — full slapstick energy, but every action is a specific readable gag, never blurry movement. Zenny is tiny, dry and precisely controlled.",
  "prompt": "Generate one continuous 15-second 3D CGI animated comedy beat. Begin from @图1's exact opening composition. Fuzzby is the bee from @图2. Zenny is the bee from @图3. Timing: 0-7s Fuzzby hums louder and dives into another flower, popping back out somehow even more covered in pollen than before; Zenny just watches him, amazed — it's astonishing to see; both airborne wings beat rapidly; 7-13s A distant rumble of thunder rolls; Fuzzby stops dead mid-hover, wings still beating rapidly as his confidence catches; 13-15s settle in character: End on Fuzzby frozen mid-hover from the thunder, Zenny turned slightly toward the sky. Both suspended and at rest, camera locked; the light very subtly cooler at the meadow's far edge, nothing scary visible yet. Fuzzby performs only Fuzzby's lines in @Audio1. Do not invent extra speech, hums or vocal sounds beyond @Audio1. Camera bee-scale and readable throughout — it may follow character eyelines and action with small motivated moves, locked whenever a character speaks.",
  "continuity": "End with Fuzzby frozen mid-hover from the thunder; Zenny turned slightly toward the sky; both suspended in the sunlit wildflower meadow, the light subtly cooler at the meadow's far edge. This mark carries into the next beat.",
  "prohibited": [
    "no morphing, redesign or rescale of the characters",
    "no extra characters or props",
    "no on-screen text, subtitles, logos or watermarks",
    "no foreign-language speech",
    "no crystals on or attached to the bees",
    "no still or frozen wings while airborne"
  ]
}